SMS Filter v.1.0.0 Documentation

We will here give an short explanation of how to use the SMS filter by examples.

Generally

You activate the SMS filter by setting the switch button to 'On' under the Setup tab.
You deactive the filer by setting it to 'Off'. By default the filter is turned off.
All options under the Setup tab will be disable when the filter is dectivated.

Under the Setup tab you can select wanted filter.
The blacklist tab will be deactivated when the whitelist option is selected.
And the whitelist tab will be deactivated when the blacklist option is selected.

The filter support wild card in the phone numbers.
For example, following expression +4792*, will match all number that starts with +4792.


WhiteList
By default no number is white listed.
You activate whitelist by select 'Allow sms from phone numbers listed in whitelist only.' under the Setup tab.
The blacklist tab will be deactivated when the whitelist option is selected.
In order to white list a phone number you must add actual number to the white list, and then mark it.
Then, only SMS from this number will slip through the filter.

Note that an empty whitelist will actually block all incoming SMS.

For example, adding +47* will allow phone numbers from Norway only.

BlackList
By default no number is black listed.
You activate blacklist by select 'Reject sms from phone numbers listed in blacklist' under the Setup tab.
The whitelist tab will be deactivated when the blacklist option is selected.
In order to black list a phone number you must add actual number to the black list, and then mark it.
later, you can simply, unmark it, if you do not want to black list this phone number anymore.

For example, adding +45*, and mark it, will block all received sms form Denmark.

Blocked
From here you can view history over all blocked sms by simply click on the refresh button.
The delete button will remove all history. Note that this operation cannot be recovered.

Testing
This application has been tested for the following devices and Android OS versions:

Device				OS
------------------------------------
Samsung Galaxy 2	Android 4.2.2


 